Episode 2: The Grimmpire Strikes Back
Episode 1: The Phantom Grimmace
RTX Demo Campaign
HORDE: STONEHENGE
Where the demons live and the banshees dwell.
HORDE: Emerald Forest
Frenzy
Blake's counter deals increased damage.
Fortunate Faunus
Blake can go twice as long between hits without resetting her hitstreak.  Additionally, the first hit Blake suffers during a hitstreak doesn't cause it to reset.
Blade Beam
Blake hurls an energy blade which explodes on impact, dealing massive damage to the first enemy it hits.
Stun Blades
Blake fires a horizontal blade beam that damages and stun enemies in a wide arc.
Blade Salvo
Blake fires three beams at a single target that do massive damage.
Shadow Strike
Blake and her clones dash around an enemy while slashing it up to three times.
Improved Shadow Strike
Blake and her clones dash around an enemy while slashing it up to four times. Also, surrounding enemies take damage.
Shadow Blitz
Blake and her clones dash around an enemy while slashing it up to five times.  Surrounding enemies take increased damage.
Dust Clone
Blake jumps backwards, leaving a shadow clone of herself that slashes at enemies.
Earth Clone
Blake's clone turns into Earth, which creates an earthquake that smashes away all enemies in a large area around it.
Ice Clone
Blake's clone turns into Ice, and freezes all enemies in an area around it.
Fire Clone
Blake's clone turns into Fire, and explodes after a brief delay, dealing high damage.
Team Player
Countering enemies gives an increased chance to create a team attack opportunity.
Hyperballistic
Reduces the hitstreak needed to gain a bonus towards ultra.
Dust Blast
Ruby fires a bullet made of Dust which explodes on impact.
Electric Blast
Dust Blast uses electric dust, which chains lightning between enemies near the explosion.
Ice Blast
Dust Blast uses ice dust, which freezes enemies hit by the explosion.
Fire Blast
Dust Blast uses fire dust, which greatly increases the explosion's damage.
Reap
Ruby teleports into the air and spirals downward with the Crescent Rose, smashing into the ground when she lands.
Improved Reap
Reap's damage is greatly increased and surrounding enemies are also affected.
Grimm Reaper
Reap creates a wave of rocks around Ruby which smash nearby enemies backward.
Crescendo
Ruby quickly spins the Crescent Rose in a circle around her, knocking all nearby enemies backward. 
Improved Crescendo
Ruby spins 3 times and Crescendo's range is greatly increased.
Crescendo Forte
Crescendo's final hit smashes enemies backward for a very high amount of damage.
Crescendo Finale
Crescendo pulls enemies towards Ruby with each hit.
Ice Queen
Weiss freezes enemies when countering them.
Perfect Form
Weiss gains more progress towards ultimate when completing a hitstreak.
Barrage
Weiss shoots 3 beams at once at her target.
Improved Barrage
Weiss unleashes a storm of dust-enhanced projectiles, which home in on nearby targets.
Frost Bolt
Weiss shoots an incicle that freezes enemies in its path.
Frostbite
Weiss leaps into the air and plunges Myrtenaster down in a punishing blow.
Improved Frostbite
Frostbite now damages all enemies in the surrounding area.
Hypothermia
Frostbite does increased damage to surrounding enemies and causes them to freeze.
Nova
Weiss releases a burst of energy, damaging nearby enemies.
Improved Nova
Nova's damage and radius is increased and also stuns enemies.
Novacaine
Nova freezes all enemies.
Brawler
Yang's counter stuns enemies for longer.
Second Wind
When Yang's aura is depleted she regains all ultimate.  Has a 30 second cooldown.
Missle Barrage
Yang fires 2 missles at the end of her ranged attack.
Concussion Missiles
Yang now fires 4 missles that do more damage and stun enemies.
Missile Salvo
Yang now fires 8 missles that do heavy damage.
Blast Wave
Yang punches with such force she creates a shockwave that smashes her target backwards.
Improved Blast Wave
Yang creates a cascade of rocks in front of her damaging additional enemies.
Earth Wave
Yang creates an even larger cascage of rocks which damages all enemies in a line in front of her.
Quake
Yang slams her gauntlet into the ground, creating a wave of energy which damages all nearby enemies.
Improved Quake
Quake deals more damage in a larger radius.
Super Quake
Quake smashes enemies backwards and causes more damage.
Aftershock
Quake creates a shield of rock pillars around Yang that enemies cannot get through.
Beacon
Chapter 1
This is a really great level.  People are always telling me how great this level is.  Incredible.
Emerald_Forest_01
Boots on the Ground
Something’s amiss in the Emerald Forest. We need boots on the ground to investigate.
Emerald_Forest_02
Technical Difficulties
Chapter 2
Beacon’s security network is down. Find out what’s causing the interference.
Emerald_Forest_Horde_01
Survival - Emerald Forest
Emerald_Forest_Template
Emerald Forest Template
Forever_Fall_01
Right on Track
Chapter 5
A pair of train tracks from the Undercity leads to Forever Fall.
Forever_Fall_02
End of the Line
Chapter 6
The team continues exploring Forever Fall only to make a huge discovery.
Horde Mode - Forever Fall
Chapter 7: The Island of Dr. Merlot
Forsaken_Desert
Chapter 8: A Grimm Discovery
Horde Mode - Forsaken Desert
The Island of Dr. Merlot
Chapter 7
The team finds themselves marooned on a strange island without a way to call home.
Merlot_Island_02
A Grimm Discovery
Chapter 8
After reaching the other side of the island, Dr. Merlot’s plans become clearer.
Merlot_Island_Horde_01
Horde Mode - Merlot Island
Merlot_Lab_01
The Grand Tour
Chapter 9
An invitation into Dr. Merlot’s laboratory results in an unexpected twist.
Merlot_Lab_02
Final Exam
Chapter 10
Deep in Dr. Merlot’s laboratory lies the ultimate test.
Mountain_Glenn_01
The Collapse
Chapter 3
A mysterious symbol links to Merlot Industries in deserted Mountain Glenn.
Below the Surface
Chapter 4
The team heads underground to search for clues in the wreckage of Merlot Industries.
Horde Mode - Mountain Glenn
StartScene
Emerald Hill Zone
Emerald Forest
Mountain Glenn
Testbed
Counter Mastery
Counter enemies as Blake to unlock this ability.
Shadowcat
Reach level 10 as Blake to unlock this ability.
Ranged Mastery
Defeat enemies with ranged attacks as Blake to unlock this ability.
Shadow Strike Mastery
Defeat enemies with Shadow Strike to unlock this ability.
Shadow Clone Mastery 1
Defeat enemies with Shadow Clone to unlock this ability.
Shadow Clone Mastery 2
Slugger
Defeat enemies with heavy attacks to unlock this ability.
Ultimatum
Defeat enemies with ultimate attacks to unlock this ability.
Master Hunter
Defeat enemies to unlock this ability.
Hunter
Reach experience level 5 as any character.
Savior
Revive teammates to unlock this ability.
10x Artifact Collector
Collect 10 artifacts.
15x Artifact Collector
Collect 15 artifacts.
50x Assists
Perform 50 Assists.
4x Challenge Master
Unlock 4 Mastery Challenges.
6x Challenge Master
Unlock 6 Mastery Challenges.
8x Challenge Master
Unlock 8 Mastery Challenges.
10x Challenge Master
Unlock 10 Mastery Challenges.
Maxed Out
Reach max level as four different characters.
Leveled Up
Reach max level as one character.
2x Leveled Up
Reach max level as two different characters.
50x Hit Streak
Get a hit streak of 50 or higher.
75x Hit Streak
Get a hit streak of 75 or higher.
100x Hit Streak
Get a hit streak of 100 or higher.
50x Counters
Perform 50 Counters.
5x Flawless Waves
Get 5 Flawless Waves.
50x Flawless Waves
Get 50 Flawless Waves.
Android Annihilator
Kill 200 Androids.
Alpha Beowolf Buster
Kill 150 Alpha Beowolves.
Mutant Beowolf Buster
Kill 20 Mutant Beowolves.
Beowolf Buster
Kill 300 Beowolves.
Boarbatusk Butcher
Kill 100 Boarbatusks.
100x Destructibles
Break 100 crates or pots.
Alpha Creep Killer
Kill 150 Alpha Creeps.
Mutant Creep Killer
Kill 100 Mutant Creeps.
Creep Killer
Kill 300 Creeps.
50x Ranged Kills
Get 50 kills with ranged attacks.
Kill 3000 Grimm.
Ursa Slayer
Kill 20 Ursas.
30x Ursa Slayer
Kill 30 Ursas.
10x Revives
Revive 10 teammates.
20x Revives
Revive 20 teammates.
100x Stuns
Stun 100 Grimm.
200x Stuns
Stun 200 Grimm.
20x Team Attack Set Ups
Set up 20 Team Attacks.
20x Team Attack Finishers
Perform 20 Team Attacks.
100x Team Attack Finishers
Perform 100 Team Attacks.
100x Ultimates
Perform 100 Ultimate Attacks.
10x Wave MVPs
Get 10 Wave MVPs.
50x Wave MVPs
Get Wave MVP 50 times.
Counter enemies as Ruby to unlock this ability.
It's also a gun.
Reach level 10 as Ruby to unlock this ability.
Defeat enemies with ranged attacks as Ruby to unlock this ability.
Ranged Mastery 2
Reap Mastery
Defeat enemies with Reap to unlock this ability.
Crescendo Mastery
Defeat enemies with Crescendo to unlock this ability.
Counter enemies as Weiss to unlock this ability.
Super Schnee
Reach level 10 as Weiss to unlock this ability.
Defeat enemies with ranged attacks as Weiss to unlock this ability.
Frostbite Mastery
Defeat enemies with Frostbite to unlock this ability.
Nova Mastery
Defeat enemies with Nova to unlock this ability.
Counter enemies as Yang to unlock this ability.
Chitty Chitty Yang Yang
Reach level 10 as Yang to unlock this ability.
Defeat enemies with ranged attacks as Yang to unlock this ability.
Blast Wave Mastery
Defeat enemies with Blast Wave to unlock this ability.
Quake Mastery
Defeat enemies with Quake to unlock this ability.
A HUNTRESS HAS FALLEN
NOT ENOUGH ULTIMATE
CONTROL CENTER UNDER ATTACK
SUBSTATION UNDER ATTACK
Cheater!
JumpingPuzzle
Used Ancient Key
Extra Life!
Mini Deathstalker
Delivered Fuel
Picked Up Fuel
Flawless Wave
Destroyed Power Node
XP Awarded
Team Attack Execute
Team Attack Setup
Ursa
Destroyed Vat
Wave Complete
Wave MVP
XP Bonus!
Let’s get down to business.
Another enemy!
I don't think these things are functioning properly.
Who do you think built these?
Almost there.
It's beautiful.
That's the cave up ahead.  Hurry team, we can't afford to lose that data!
DR.
OOBLECK
Thank goodness.. It looks operational, but the long range antenna appears to have sustained some damage. When you're ready, approach the device and I will begin transferring the data to your scroll.  It may take some time.
On the bright side, you're going to have a chance to study some subterranean Grimm firsthand. Remember: do not let them destroy the device. We need that data!
We have 25% of the data.  Keep up the good work!
We're halfway there, team.
We have almost all of the data.  Just hold out a little longer.
Oh my...
Great work, team! I've got the data.  Head out to the clearing and we'll come pick you up.
Welcome team! You're probably wondering what you've signed up for.  Allow me to explain: a year ago, I placed a seismic recording device deep within a cave in the Emerald Forest.  It's purpose?  To record and study the movements of subterranean Grimm.  Last week, we lost contact with the device.  Your mission: to travel into the cave and retrieve the data.  Do you have anything to add, Professor Port?
I'm sure these students can handle it.  I've entered the location of the device on your scrolls.  And please don't call me Barty, Professor Port.  It's DOCTOR Oobleck.
Now, just take this turn to the right and...oh my.  It looks like a boulder is blocking the path to the cave.  That presents a problem.
I believe this may be too dangerous for a group of first year students.  Just turn around and we'll come pick you up.  There have been reports of increased numbers of Grimm in the areas ahead and I won't be responsible...
Those look like ruins!  Keep an eye out for relics.  History will thank you.
Nice work, students!  As you know, we’ve been having some trouble with the Security Network in this area.  We need boots on the ground to investigate.  That means you, team! Onward!
PROFESSOR
PETER PORT
The security control center for this region is inside that cave.  Go have a look and maybe we can discover what the problem is.
Hmm.  Some sort of foreign object.  I feel like I’ve seen that symbol before… Nevermind that! Defend the control center while I undo the damage.  Make sure your weapons are loaded and your mustache wax is stowed! This could get hairy.
Students, we’re a quarter of the way there.  Keep up the good work!
Halfway point, team!
Hold on just a little longer, we’re almost finished!
The control center is under attack!
The Grimm are attacking the control center!
The control center has suffered severe damage!
Bravo, team! Bravo! The security network in this region is shipshape once again.  I’ll get some of our staff to to see if they can find anything about that mysterious symbol. Excellent work.
Ah yes, the Emerald Forest is filled with ruins of ancient kingdoms.  Keep an eye out for artifacts.  Dr.  Oobleck is always looking to expand Beacon’s collection.
Another area, another security network in need of repairs. Keep an eye out for any clues about who did this.  We’re all counting on you!
These are more dangerous than the Grimm you’ve fought before.  When it sees you, it will spin before it charges.  While it’s spinning, dodge out of the way.  It will be disoriented after it passes you.  That’s when you strike!
Hmm, I know it's a stretch, but maybe you can operate that mechanism to extend the bridge.
HA! It worked! And… seemed to attract some Grimm. Happy hunting!
Good show, team! I’ve just received a report… Hm that’s right, the symbol we’ve been seeing belongs to Merlot Industries, an old research and development corporation -- far before your time. The company was crippled by the collapse of Mountain Glenn, where they lost their primary facility and chief staff members. They never recovered from the incident and eventually shut down. Which begs the question… why is their technology suddenly popping up in the Emerald Forest? Hrmmm, I’ve never been one for riddles and history --  more a man of action if I do say so myself. But I think I know someone who can help… Onward! To VICTORY!
Just as I thought: more sabotage from our friend with the symbol. But those cages… was someone trying to capture Grimm? Hrm… I don’t like the looks of this. For now let’s just focus on the objective. These control centers are linked, so you’ll need to defend both of them while I undo the damage. Get ready!
Control center A is under attack!
Control center B is under attack!
The Grimm are attacking control center A!
The Grimm are attacking control center B!
Control center A has suffered severe damage!
Control center B has sustained massive damage!
Look alive, team.  There's a pack of Boarbatusks up ahead.  These are more dangerous than the Grimm you've fought before.  I usually kill these with just my bare hands, but if you're not feeling up for that I know a trick.
When the boarbatusk sees you, it will spin before it charges.  While it's spinning, dodge out of the way.  After it passes you, it will be disoriented.  That's when you strike!
That didn't sound good.  You'd better look out, team.
There's more Grimm coming your way.  Stand your ground!
That sounds like more Boarbatusks.  Remember, let them charge, then dodge out of their way.
That's how it's done, team.  Good show!
Sounds like you woke up some hibernating Ursa.  Now things are going to get really interesting!  Weapons at the ready!
(Whispering): That area up ahead is full of creeps..  Step lightly and you might slip by unnoticed.
Oh well, it's more fun this way.  Extra credit for killing the most!
Hello, team.  I helped Barty here install his crazy science machine a year ago.  You see, I know the lay of the land.  I spent many a summer day traipsing around the Emerald Forest in the years of my youth.  I'll make sure you don't get lost and...
Nonsense, nonsense!  They'll just have to take the scenic route.
This is exactly the type of challenge that builds character in young students.  Press on, team!  I'll make sure you stay on the right path.
Whoa, look at all these Grimm.  Let’s get ‘em!
[excitedly] Beowolf!
OK! Something is definitely wrong with these security thingys.
Wow! I wonder if Dr. Oobleck knows about this place.
Come on, come on, come on!
Helloo!  Echo!
(SIGHS) And I thought today would be relaxing.
Let’s see if this one puts up a challenge.
Is it just me, or do these things seem like they’re attracting Grimm?
This looks like it has seen better days.
Just a little longer!
That’s a long way down.
What a beautiful day to pummel some monsters!
Let’s start this mission with a Yang!
Kiddie gloves are comin’ off!
These things are supposed to detect Grimm, not attract them… right?
I wonder how old this stuff is.
JEEZ. Take your time, why dont’cha?
I’ve always been more of the outdoors-y type.
Let's clear this place out.
Looks like I can jump across.
This looks promising.
Maybe we should look around for clues.
Up this hill over here.
Let’s take this thing down.
Let’s head over there.
What's wrong with these Grimm?
That's enormous.
That was too easy.
Another key, another symbol.
Got the final key.
Find that last key.
Look around for a key.
Why is this ship here?
There’s gotta be a key around here.
Someone is capturing Grimm in here, but why?
Let's sneak over to the container there.
The underground tracks from Mountain Glenn lead us right into Forever Fall. Now that we know there’s foul play, I do recommend you be careful. And I don’t want another bomb incident.
Team! That was an incredible display of fighting mastery. We must get to the source of where these mutated monstrosities are coming from, and most importantly - who's behind it. I sense we're getting close! If you can manage to get to the end of the rail line, we just might find the answers we need. 
This is indeed concerning... those mutated Grimm you fought in Mountain Glenn were no fluke. Now we know there are more of them. Follow those train tracks uphill and maybe we can find out where they’re coming from?
Team?! Where are you? Report in! Students, please!
Oh dear. Ozpin's not going to be happy about this. 
Team... this discovery is a bit unexpected and is worse than I feared. That appears to be an active Merlot Industries ship. But Dr. Merlot hasn’t been heard from or seen in ages... I must inform Ozpin at once. Meanwhile, I want you to investigate the ship, but please keep a safe distance.
Hmmm, no sign of those train tracks anywhere. They must be hidden behind one of those doors. See if you can find a way to get them open. 
This temple looks like it’s being used as a temporary storage facility - for Grimm of all things! This is quite the discovery!
Great job! You’ve made it to the ship. I may need you to get a closer look to see what kind of cargo they’re carrying. But, be careful not to be spotted. Who knows what kind of security they have.
Ooh! More Grimm!
I can clear this, no problem!
Found something!
Looks like we need to find a key.
Up we go!
Look at the size of that thing!
This way, team!
[surprised]Oh! Another strange looking Grimm?!
Oooooo, pretty leaves.
Match the symbol! Look! That one over there.
Got another key!
Got the last one!
Let’s find a key for door number 3.
Alright. Let's find the key!
Look, a ship!
Maybe there’s another key here?
Dr. Oobleck, do you see this?!
Check out that open container!
Didn’t we beat all these guys already?
Hmmm, it’s probably no accident these columns are here.
Let’s see if this works.
We should look around for a way to open these doors.
Proper form is still important here. 
Oh no! Stick together!
This way seems better.
Another green one. Uh, this isn’t a good sign.
That tree is beautiful.
Look for a matching symbol?
Found it.
Got it. Let’s go!
One more key to go.
Another key, perhaps?
What are they loading onto that ship? Something’s not right.
Look for a key in those vases.
This temple looks more like a warehouse on the inside.
What’s in this container over here?
Fight mode, activate.
Oh look, a cleverly disguised jumping puzzle.
Got it!
We need to find a key thingy.
Careful guys, you wouldn’t want to trip and... Forever Fall...  Ee?  Amiright?
This guy thinks he’s real tough.
Come on guys, let’s go!
What's green, ugly, and about to have both of my fists in its face?
Awwww who wants to share a sappy moment with me under that tree? 
Well it’s got a symbol on it. Whoever’s behind this isn’t exactly a genius.
Time to find out what’s behind door number two.
Let’s go! The best prize is always behind door number three.
Two keys down, one to go.
Why do people seem to always lose their keys? 
Hey Oobleck! Tell Port we found a port!
You gotta crack a few eggs to make an omelette. And by eggs, I mean vases, and by omelette I mean a key
You know, I thought Professor Port’s trophy collection was a bit weird, but this takes things to a whole new level.
All aboard! Let’s see where this little sightseeing tour takes us.
Gene0710
Let’s take this back to Beacon.
Huh, look at this.
What’s this thing?
This is coming with us.
[EXHALES].
Another battle won.
It’s over.
Done.
About time.
Better and better.
I can work with this!
Mutants! Look out. 
Stop those mutants.
One less monster.
Good riddance.
Enemy down.
You’re finished.
I’m okay!
Thank you.
I can do better!
They’ll pay for that.
You never saw it coming.
I strike from the shadows.
Gets 'em every time.
Didn't see me did you?
Thanks. I guess...
I knew you had my back.
Did I look like I needed help?
I'm glad we're on the same team.
Hey, a souvenir!
Look what I found!
Ooooh, neat.
Finders keepers!
Good job, team!
We did it!
Yaaaay!  We win!
Go team RWBY!
Yesss!
Awesome!
BANZAI!
Oh yeah!
Look, mutants!
Let's get those mutants.
Got 'em!
Take that!
[EXPLOSION SOUNDS]
GOTCHA!
Thanks!
Okay, I’m good!
I’m up, I’m up!
Best friend EVER!
Oh, that makes me dizzy
Spin spin spin! Gotcha!
[makes kung-fu noises]
That was awesome!
Gened023
Yay teamwork!
Thanks, friend!
Aw, you're the bestest teammate ever!
You can be on my team anytime!
Genec67c
This looks interesting.
What do we have here?
Another one for my collection.
I’ll take that.
Hmph! Is that it?
So easy.
And done.
Almost perfect.
Finally!
Excellent.
It’s about time.
More mutants!
Oh no, more mutants to deal with!
No match for me.
Perfect form.
Eliminated!
Goodbye.
Thank you!
It’s only a scratch.
[grunts] Much appreciated.
I was just resting.
And that's why they call me the Ice Queen.
That was textbook form.
Another perfectly timed  move.
Aw, too cold for you?
Gene9008
What a perfect setup.
Nice teamwork.
That's what teammates are for.
Thanks for the assist.
Gene7267
Helloooo.
Check this out!
Gotcha!
Found a thingy!
Takin’ out the trash.
Chalk one up for the good guys.
That’s how it’s done.
Didn’t even break a sweat.
Geneb1ef
Gene03b1
Booya!
Now we’re talkin’!
Niccce!
I got this!
More mutant baddies!
Get those mutant freaks!
See ya!
Nailed it!
That’s gonna leave a mark.
Ouch.
Back in action!
Lucky shot!
They are so dead.
Taste my fist!
You're not so tough!
You set 'em up, I knock 'em down!
They say there's no "I" in team, but I just did that.
It's so much better when we work together.
Teamwork makes the dream work.
Looks like they’ve spotted us already. Take ‘em out.
Umm. Where are we?
Doctor Oobleck? We’re on a ship somewhere.
Let’s get to that tower for a better signal.
Locked. Someone doesn’t want any visitors.
Dr. Oobleck, we’ve located a communications tower.
Dr. Oobleck, we can’t hear you.
The signal is still being jammed from somewhere else.
The third tower’s this way.
What happened to Dr. Oobleck?
Tell us what you want, Merlot.
We’ve located the second tower. Time to finally fix this radio.
We’re going to have to fight our way out of this.
You’re inviting us in? This isn't suspicious at all...
Avoid that steam. Let’s go this way.
Shut it off.
It worked. The flow stopped.
The flow has stopped in this section.
We’ve stopped another section of the pipeline.
We’ve shut this section off for good.
All the valves are closed. Now what?
There’s nothing even alive here.
We’re looking at some kind of refinery. There are pipes carrying a green liquid that just looks...toxic.
For such terrific students as yourselves, this should be an easy test, right?
MERLOT
Ozpin? Or shall I call you Oz like old times, chum?
Twas a mere speed bump on the superhighway of scientific progress. You couldn’t possibly imagine the ramifications of my latest research.
You’re calling me the reckless one? Sending your students out on an excursion like this?
Trying to make the world a better place is wrong? Say what you will about me. It won’t change the fact that you’re powerless to stop me.
Well, let’s agree to disagree. I tell you Oz, it has been truly a pleasure catching up, but unfortunately it’s time for me to run. Farewell, old chum.
Well if that’s how you feel, we could fast forward to the part where you and your students suffer a crushing defeat at my hands.
Say what you will about me. It won’t change the fact that you’re powerless to stop me.
Well, let’s agree to disagree. I tell you Oz, it has been truly a pleasure catching up, but unfortunately it’s time for me to run. I have far too much to do back in my lab in preparation for my esteemed guests. That is if they survive. Farewell, old chum.
Ahhh, that’s better. Sorry, but the reception is always so bad all the way out here. I hope you’re enjoying your stay on the Island. You’re the first visitors I’ve had in, well, you are the first.
UNKNOWN
Oh, where are my manners? Allow me to introduce myself. My name’s Dr. Merlot. You don’t know me, but I most certainly know who you are. Nevertheless, I’m thrilled you’re here. You might be exactly what I need for a very important... experiment.
Well now that I’ve formally introduced myself, I’d love for you to meet some more of my friends.
Your students are feisty, Oz! Certainly not the worst Beacon has to offer.
Come on, kiddos. Prove to me that you’re worthy!
Not bad at all. You have some special qualities.
You’re checking all the boxes of what I’m looking for.
Yes, yes! There’s that powerful semblance I’ve been searching for.
Congratulations, students. You’ve passed this test with flying colors. Please join me in my lab where we can begin the next phase.
Oh Oz, your puny proteges have proven to be quite annoying.
The Grimm are a superior species, fascinating in their biology, their unbridled, raw aggression and lack of sentience make them the perfect vessel.
[laughs] You sound like a broken record you naive fool. The Grimm are a superior species, fascinating in their biology, their unbridled, raw aggression and lack of sentience make them the perfect vessel.
If you and your students insist on standing in the way of scientific progress, you will have to learn the hard way. Remember that history is written by the winners, Oz, and my Mutants will go down in history as the force that shaped Remnant’s future. And what a brilliant future it will be…
The beauty of genetic manipulation is that you can take the good or the bad qualities out of any organism. Take my modified Grimm, for example. By re-sequencing their DNA and selectively omitting a few undesired traits, their behavior can be drastically altered. My goal was to make them obedient, but also increase their strength, their intelligence, their speed, and most importantly - give them the ability to dominate wild Grimm, to make any and all Grimm instantly subservient to my own creations. And this is just the beginning, Oz. When I have the resources I need to perfect my formula, my Mutant Grimm will be the most advanced species in all of Remnant.
Would you believe me if I told you it wasn’t my fault?
Admittedly, Mountain Glenn is a bit of a sore spot for me. Decades of hard work, countless research projects, not to mention all of the specimens I’d collected over the years - all lost without a trace.
The work done at Merlot Industries was critical in the advancement of artificial intelligence and genetics. Without it, Remnant would still be in the dark ages.
Well how else was I supposed to conduct my research? Our supply of test subjects was running thin.
The population was plentiful at one time, yes, but the elder Grimm eventually started to migrate away from the area as they felt threatened. This caused the others to follow suit. But, this was easily solved by stationing a few proprietary devices of my own invention around the city to draw them back.
To be fair, the undercity wasn’t my bright idea, Oz. It was a veritable maze of caverns and tunnels, as porous as a sponge and impossible to defend. It was only a matter of time before a major breach formed and sent Grimm flooding into the undercity with nowhere to escape. The undercity should have never been constructed in the first place. It simply was not safe for people. They should have remained on the surface where they at least had a fighting chance. See, Oz, this tragedy wasn’t my fault, they should have listened to me.
And you, Oz, have failed to grasp the significance of my work. Who cares if a few measly settlements fall? None of that will matter in the long run. You have to see things from my perspective - standing on the shoulders of giants - building advancements towards the future. I’ll be hailed as a pioneer, and you, nothing more than a luddite, clinging to the past.
Do you believe things happen for a reason, Oz? I mean, your little prodigies practically washed ashore here on my island.
Maybe they can be of some use to me after all? How serendipitous.
I’m getting a little giddy over the possibilities of harnessing their powers!
Heyyyyy now. I wouldn’t do that if I were you.
I can hear everything you’re saying, you know!
Well, well, well. I didn’t think you’d make it this far. I’d give you a passing grade, but you’re going to have to do better than that. Besides, do you think I’d simply invite you into my lab?!
[radio static]
[radio static... indecipherable voice]
[radio static]Whatever you just did...keep doing that! The radio [unintelligible speaking]... somewhere else on the island. You must... [radio static] ... and then [radio static]. Understood?
[through less radio static than before] Team! It’s working. The signal seems better but… [unintelligible dialogue]. A little more and I can pinpoint your location on the island [unintelligible dialogue]. Nevertheless, keep it up!
So we meet again, Dr. Merlot.
OZPIN
I thought you perished in the Mountain Glenn disaster, a tragedy you played no small part in.
The world was a much safer place without you, Merlot.
They’re more than a match for your mindless robots. What you’re doing here is wrong, Merlot.
You’ll botch this somehow. You always do.
Team, we’ve been attempting to locate Merlot’s island, but we’ve yet to obtain its coordinates. I need you to continue exploring the island and contact me when you find any evidence of his whereabouts.
You’ve never lacked imagination, I’ll say that much.
Excellent work, team. We’ve been attempting to locate Merlot’s Island to send reinforcements, but we’ve yet to obtain its coordinates. Rest assured that I’ll do everything in my power to get you off this island safely.  In the meantime, I need you to find out where Merlot is located. Survey the island and contact me when you find something.
I suspected this would be a ambush. Hit them with all you’ve got, team!
Don’t hesitate, team. You fought hard to get here. It’s time to finish this.
I can remember the other professors at Beacon saying the same about you, Merlot, though the word they chose was less kind.
Ever since you got it in your head that experimenting on Grimm was a good idea...your obsession has and will continue to be your downfall.
That line of thought illustrates exactly why you could never be trusted, Merlot. 
And why would you think that these Grimm could ever be a force for good? Or are you so morally bankrupt that you actually think destroying Remnant is a step in the right direction?! Please, Merlot, listen to me. What you’re talking about is complete and utter madness. You must stop.
[deep sigh] You are indescribably misguided, Merlot. I know better than to try and change your mind, though, so we’re going to have to stop you instead.
It’s amazing that you survived the disaster in Mountain Glenn, Merlot. Was it sheer luck or part of your master plan?
I believe that you wouldn’t take accountability for your actions.
Let me get this straight...you’re upset that you lost your research?
You’ve missed the point. An entire city was laid to waste. Countless lives were lost. My only question is how much of the damage were you personally responsible for?!
And when the Grimm came back, the city’s population was driven underground where it was safe. No thanks to Merlot Industries.
I cannot believe you’re telling me this. You actually attracted the Grimm back to Mountain Glenn?!
You’re in denial, Merlot. There’s no escaping culpability that you had a hand in the collapse of Mountain Glenn, and instead of feeling any hint of remorse, you’ve continued your twisted experiments.
I won’t let you have the satisfaction, Merlot, and I’ll make sure that history tells the truth about who you really are - a reckless, mad scientist, hellbent on destroying Remnant as a means to prove you’re right. This ends here!
I’m not sure what you’re getting at.
And maybe you’re getting too far ahead of yourself.
You act like you’ve got them comfortably in your clutches, and that’s far from the truth. You’ll never have the chance, I’ll make sure of it.
There are more Control Valves to shut down. Continue following the pipeline until we’ve cut off Merlot’s supply line.
That couldn’t possibly be the last control valve. Keep tracking the pipeline until you’ve shut off every last one.
Team, I sense we’re getting close to our last objective.
Good. That definitely got his attention. I want you to follow the pipeline. With any luck, it will lead us right to Dr. Merlot.
Students, have you found something?
I suspect Merlot is on this island for a reason. He’s harvesting this substance, and whatever he’s using it for can’t be good.
Let’s show these buckets of bolts who's boss!
Are we on some kind of island?
Doctor Oobleck? Is that you? You’re breaking up!
Maybe we can get a signal if we reach that tower.
Awww it’s locked. I bet this opens from somewhere else.
Look, the tower!
Awwww, it’s still all scrambled.
Dr. Oobleck, we kinda heard you. Let’s keep exploring, team!
There’s the last tower. This way!
Ummm, you’re not Dr. Oobleck.
[gasps] It’s him! Dr. Merlot!
Look, another tower!
Oh no! We’re trapped!
Let me get this straight...you want us to come in?
This way’s blocked. Let’s go thataway.
Let’s shut off that valve.
It stopped!
It’s closed! We did it!
Yesss! Another one closed.
Phfew. Got another one. Is that it? 
Ewwww…this place smells terrible.
There are a whole bunch of machines as far as I can see. And green goo! Lots of green goo.
Those Androids don’t look like the friendly kind.
Uh oh. I think we’re a loooong way from Vale.
Doctor Oobleck? Speak up we can’t hear you.
Hmm… let’s try contacting him from that communications tower.
Locked tight. There must be a way to get this gate open.
Ok, we’re at the tower. Now what?
We can’t get a signal. There has to be something we can try.
Hmmm, not quite sure I caught all that. Something about another tower?
Let’s get our communications back online. 
Dr. Oobleck?! Who is this?
THAT Dr. Merlot….as in the Merlot Industries one?
The second tower is ahead. Let’s keep going.
There’s no way out!
If we go in like you want, what are you going to do with us?
I guess we have no choice but to take this route.
We should try shutting off the pipeline.
We’ve stopped the flow.
One more valve shut. Merlot won’t like that!
One more objective complete.
Alright, this one’s closed. We’re getting closer to the lab.
It stopped. That was the last one.
What has Merlot done with this part of the island?
There appears to be equipment extracting a green substance and pumping it elsewhere.
I guess this island isn’t so deserted afterall. At least I’ll get a suntan while I destroy these guys.
Well this has turned into quite the field trip.
Paging Doctor Oobleck. Repeat, paging Doctor Oobleck. Is this thing on?
Let’s head over to that tower... thingy. Maybe we’ll get better reception.
Welp. This door isn’t budging. Anybody have a giant crowbar I can borrow?
I see the tower. You there Dr. Oobleck?
Still no reception. Let’s push the button thingy up there.
All I heard was “Keep doing that,” so that means we need to disable more radio jammers?
Over there. Let’s un-jam this jammer.
Sorry, but I think you’ve got the wrong number.
An experiment? Are you trying to bore us to death?
Let’s shut that thing down so we can use the radio.
We’re trapped! No wait, more like they’re trapped...with us! 
Yeah, sure, let’s enter the lab. What could possibly go wrong?
I’d prefer not to get burned. Follow me.
Time to get crankin’...on that crank...right there.
That should do it.
Alright, this one’s closed. Where’s the next one?
The flow has stopped. You know, I’m starting to enjoy this place.
That’ll slow ‘em down.
All the pipes are stopped up. Dr. Merlot better make a robot plumber.
[sighs] I wish I could say something funny about this place, but it’s so gross and sad here.
If by ‘something’ you mean an industrial sized drilling operation, then yeah we totally found something.
That first floor was too quiet. I don’t expect that to last long.
Just do what he says.
There are computers everywhere in here.
Nope.
I’m getting a strange feeling about this place.
The steam is blocking the path. Can we shut if off?
It should be safe to cross now.
The steam is off. It’s safe now.
I think we just found an access terminal.
Initiating the upload.
We've gotta stop whatever's bringing them here.
Don’t let it sting you!
I can’t believe we just did that!
Get to the opening.
Finally we can get out of here.
Let’s get in and get out.
Don’t leave any of them standing.
Keep moving. Don’t stand still!
We can reach that vent. Go now!
Time to clean this place out.
Thank you, Professor. This is exactly what we’ve trained for.
Here at Merlot Industries, we take pride in innovation. Together, with your help...and a little of your special spark, we will build a better tomorrow!
Making yourselves at home, I see? I want my guests to feel welcome, but, my Security team rarely feels the same way.
Here we have the Engineering wing, the so called ‘brains’ of the operation, if you’re not counting my own intellect [laughs to self]. Don’t be timid, there aren’t any traps here...yet.
Greetings, and welcome to Merlot Industries, where we’re building a better tomorrow...today!
[sigh] I would appreciate it if you didn’t break all my things, but alas, my Androids will rebuild it in no time. This way please.
Wait, did you just...oh no...how could I be so stupid?!
Prepare to meet your doooom, students!
Crush them!
Finish them! Now!
Would you rip them apart, already!
I want them dead!
I’ll be waiting...
Here before you are the stage two processing tanks!
Don’t be shy, students. You could learn a lot from this enhanced specimen. They won’t teach you a thing about this back at Beacon.
Stings a little, doesn’t it.
Nature couldn’t make a beast this deadly, so I did!
You’re easy prey. Is that the best you’ve got?
He’s looking hungry. No doubt he’ll savor your taste as I savor my victory.
Those powerful pincers are going to punish you pitiful pupils.
You’ve made him angry. You’re not going to like him when he’s angry!”
Make venom rain from the sky!
Plunge that stinger down and don’t let up!
Crush them with all eight legs!
[anxious] C’mon, C’mon. Finish them off already! 
This is impossible! You should be getting eaten alive by now!
No, no, no! Hang in there, my precious!
No! Nooooo! My one of a kind specimen! This is inconceivable!
There is something I can do.
Let’s end this with a bang!
[maniacal laughter] This is not the end. There IS no end...[maniacal laughter]
[evil laughter] 
Fine then. If that’s how you want to play...
Stop them!
My serum... Thankfully, I may have already synthesized the perfect combination. It’s still in a test phase, but so far the data is looking very impressive.
Welcome to the testing grounds, students. Why don’t you go ahead and get acquainted with my test subjects. They could use the exercise.
Well...That didn’t go according to plan. Let’s make this more interesting!
A little more effort, maybe? I thought this was my most potent batch of serum?!
I’m beginning to think I’ve made a huge mistake.
No!! And so it has come to this…
You’re not authorized to be in here!
For you, Merlot, there won’t be any tomorrow to ‘restore.’
Good find, team. Do you see any terminals that you can access?
Team, in order for me to help you, I’ll need to know the layout of the lab. Keep your eyes peeled for any maps, schematics, or better yet - any access terminals that would allow us to tap into Merlot’s network.
You did it! Now, can you proxy the signal over to me with your scroll?
It’s complete. Let me see...yes, I have everything I need. Team, I want you to head to the lower levels... to the Manufacturing wing.
Enough with the tour, Merlot. We intend to eliminate your supply. Every last bit of it...
It’s all over, Merlot. You’ve got nothing left.
Team! Merlot is going to blow up the whole lab. You’ve got to escape.
You’ve done it! The airship should arrive any moment.
I’ll see you as soon as you land safely back at Beacon.
You did it! That will deliver a shock to Merlot’s system.
According to my map of the lab, this room contains more processing equipment for his serum. You need to take it out. All of it.
Fantastic work. I must admit, you’ve really handled this well. The team back at Beacon is cheering for you.
Good news, team. The coordinates of Merlot’s secret lab were contained within the data retrieved from the terminal. An airship has been deployed and will rendezvous with you shortly.
You should be entering a power facility. Destroy everything you see that may be vital to Merlot’s operation.
Going...down!
So... we destroyed his stuff and he’s not even mad?
Wow, check out all these computers.
Nothing yet.
This just keeps getting weirder.
Stop! We can’t go through there.
Got it! 
[makes sound effect of steam dissipating] Got it! 
What’s this?
Alright, it’s uploading.
The tanks of goo - they’re attracting more mutants!
[gasps] A mutated Deathstalker?!!
Take that you big bully.
Let’s get out of here! This way!
Well, here’s our ride.
Let’s hurry up and finish so I can ride in the airship. SQUEEEEE!!!
Destroy everything!!
Oh no! The floor!
The vent. We can make it!
Yeah! Let’s break stuff!
They better have some cookies waiting for me. I deserve them.
Any clue where this elevator might take us?
Is it me, or is he being a little too welcoming?
We appear to be in some sort of data processing center.
Negative.
This place is sorta creepy.
We’ll need to shut off this steam to get through.
The steam is off. We can proceed.
Who knew water vapor could be so dangerous?
Hmm, what do we have here?
Upload in progress.
The Grimm are clearly attracted to that substance.
That’s one deadly looking specimen. Be Careful!
Flawless takedown.
There! A way out.
Not a moment too soon.
Don’t worry, we’ll take care of this.
His machines won’t work if the power’s out.
The floor is booby trapped!
Get to the vent, ASAP. 
Dr. Merlot won’t have anything left when we’re finished.
Is now a good time to ask about that extra credit we should be receiving?
An elevator. This has been all too convenient so far.
Okay, we’ll do what you say. But that doesn’t mean we trust you.
Professor Ozpin, we found the motherlode of motherboards.
We’ll keep our eyes peeled.
Wow, Merlot keeps this place sparkling. I guess his robots are good for something.
Stay back! That’s one piping hot pipe!
Sometimes you gotta let off a little steam.
You know, Dr. Merlot should be thanking us for fixing that.
Jackpot.
Aaand uploading.
Those tanks must be filled with catnip for Grimm.
Whoa! That is one serious stinger!
You’re gonna need a new favorite pet, Merlot.
Well this was fun, but it’s time to go. To the escape hatch!
Scoot over. I’m flying.
One question - can I fly the airship when we’re done? I think I’ve earned it.
This stuff looks important. Let’s break it!
Yikes, the floor is alive!
Quick! Escape through the vent!
Destroy everything!? You don’t have to ask me twice.
My only regret is not bringing Zwei along. He would have had a blast today.
Great.  Mountain Glenn.  Again.
Wonderful.
Let’s do this.
I doubt the Grimm liked that...
So much destruction...
Looks like we found Main St
Ugh...where are we?
What WAS that thing!
The White Fang didn’t do this place any favors.  Let’s find a way out.
Deathstalker: Rawr
Professor Port informed me that you found some old Merlot Industries -- um… well, technology  interfering with our security network.  It might be nothing... OR IT MIGHT BE EVERYTHING! Either way, I believe it’s worth investigating the Merlot Industries building in Mountain Glenn.  If my old maps are still accurate, it should be located somewhere near the center of town. Just do your best not to end up like the brilliant men and women who worked there...
Well, that’s an issue. It appears the bridge is blocked.  According to my map, you should be able to take a detour through the city’s old waterway system.
Activate that switch to open the lock.  I hope it still works, it looks a little rusty.
Ah ha! The door is open!
There! That’s the facility! I can’t believe how well it’s withstood the years… a shame, still… Dr. Merlot would’ve never let something like this hinder the progress of his work. I can only imagine what we’ll find inside.
Oh dear… Watch out, team! The treasure hunt will have to wait until you kill those Grimm!
you should be able to reach an exit through these doors..  Just turn the power back on so we can open them up.
Oh dear… that is a bomb. And a very large bomb at that. Who would booby trap this place?! Give me a moment...
Okay, team…  Physically tampering with the device or the cart it’s attached to could possibly trigger an explosion. Luckily, these tracks lead to a deep chasm and underground river, but with the way this device is rigged, you’re going to have to power the cart’s engine. Gather as many nearby Dust crystals as you can find! Time is of the essence, but remember to remain calm! [GRIMM HOWLS IN DISTANCE] RIGHT, FORGET THAT! JUST HURRY!
You’re halfway there!  Keep going!
You’re almost there! OHHH IT’S GONNA BE CLOSE!
The cart is out of fuel.  Grab more dust crystals!
The cart seems to have run out of fuel.
There’s no fuel left in the cart.  HURRY! Gather those dust crystals.
[through radio static] “Students, report in!
Thank goodness... I’m afraid you’re now in Mountain Glenn’s subterranean levels.  This area has become even more dangerous since our last...er, visit...so be careful!
[HUGE SIGH OF RELIEF] Well… I’m glad everyone was able to keep their cool… and not explode… that would’ve made for an uncomfortable parent/teacher conference. Still… who reprogrammed the security network? Who set that trap? And where in the world did the mutated Grimm come from? I have several theories… and none of them are good news.
It appeared to be a creature of Grimm, but modified...mutated.  This will require further study. It’s fascinating… but very, very troubling.  Excellent work, team.
Keep your wits about you team! Mountain Glenn is just as dangerous now as it was last time. Maybe more.  Head towards the old Merlot Industries building.  There's an entrance to the subterranean network just beyond that.
Great Scott! Looks like that bridge is blocked.  According to my map you should be able to take a detour through the city's old waterway system!
Ooh!  Activate that switch to open the lock!  Hope it still works..  It looks a little rusty.
Oh dear!  It appears the collapse of that building awoke a Grimm of enormous size!  It could be dangerous.  In fact, it absolutely is!
Fascinating!  It appeared to be a creature of Grimm but.. Modified.
Then the door is open!
AwwWwWwwWw...I thought we were done with Mountain Glenn.
Just pretend it’s a day at the waterpark!
We got baddies!
Whoa… [SNEEZES].. excuse me.
Man, this place is a wreck!
I wonder what this street was?
That...was...AWESOME
Oh that was so cool!
What WAS that!?
Okay. Let’s start looking for a way out.
Oooh, now we get to go through a CANAL!
Oooh, this should be fun!
That. Was. AWESOME!
Woooow.  Pew.
Uh-oh.
Uh. This.. this is bad, right?
What was that thing?!
Oh.  This place bums me out.
Here we are again.  I hope things go better than last time.
Why can’t things ever be easy?
More Grimm. How did I know that would happen?
This place is really falling to pieces.
This building looks like it’s seen better days.
[angry] “The Grimm… they ruined this place.
*groan* We’re OK, Dr. Oobleck!
What WAS that thing!?
Let’s not waste any time.
We’re not really going down there, are we?
Here we go again!
Well...I guess we’ll never know what was in that building.
What WAS that thing?
Those Boarbatusks don’t look so tough.
I didn’t think we’d be coming back here so soon.
Well, water we waiting for?! Get it…? Anybody...?
Bring em’ on!
That did not sound good.
I wonder what that building was?
Man… I bet this place used to be nice
Woooah.  Is everybody OK?
Don’t suppose they put up an exit sign, huh?
Well, WATER we waiting for?! Get it...? Guys...?
Is that a park over there?
Man, I bet this place was awesome!
Ackbar: It's a trap!
The Grimm just destroyed the substation, but the generator is still intact.  Don't let them destroy it!
The generator has been destroyed.  I'm very disappointed.  You can walk back to the academy.
The generator is really getting banged up.  Protect that generator or this mission will be a failure!
Huntresses, I need you to babysit this generator.  Just make sure nothing...unfortunate...happens to it.
The Grimm have destroyed a substation.  You only have one left.  Protect it!
The substations is under attack.  If it goes down, the feedback will damage the generator.
Fantastic work!  Now, if only we knew what the generator is powering...
Great work.  Would you like a gold star?
Excellent, the generator is still running.  Let's keep it that way.
I see that the generator is still running.  Very good.
Take a minute and catch your breath.  Looks like the next wave is going to be...formidable.
Uh oh, looks like some Grimm are headed your way.  I'm sure you can handle it.
They're targeting the generator AND the substation this time.  You might want to split up.
I've got a creeping suspicion this wave isn't going to be easy.
I'm detecting some seizmic activity.  There aren't any caves nearby, are there?  Grimm love caves.
This is the last of them, but they're coming out of the woodwork. Don't let them surround you!
This belongs in a museum!
Checkmate!
Those who do not study history, are doomed to repeat it..
I don't understand why Ozpin keeps hiding these things in the forest..
Boabatusk
Creep Alpha
Mutant Deathstalker
Survivor
You can survive more damage after your aura is depleted.
Heavy Synergy
Heavy attacks have an improved chance to create a team attack opportunity.
Medic
Revive teammates much faster.
Increased Aura
You gain more aura.
Aura Regeneration
Your aura recovers much faster.
Improved Ultimate 1
Your ultimate pool increases by 1.
Improved Ultimate 2
You have graduated to Rank 1.  Your character levels, challenges, and abilities have been reset but other Hunters will now view this badge next to your name.
You have graduated to Rank 10, the final rank.
You have graduated to Rank 2.  Your character levels, challenges, and abilities have been reset but other Hunters will now view this badge next to your name.
You have graduated to Rank 3.  Your character levels, challenges, and abilities have been reset but other Hunters will now view this badge next to your name.
You have graduated to Rank 4.  Your character levels, challenges, and abilities have been reset but other Hunters will now view this badge next to your name.
You have graduated to Rank 5.  Your character levels, challenges, and abilities have been reset but other Hunters will now view this badge next to your name.
You have graduated to Rank 6.  Your character levels, challenges, and abilities have been reset but other Hunters will now view this badge next to your name.
You have graduated to Rank 7.  Your character levels, challenges, and abilities have been reset but other Hunters will now view this badge next to your name.
You have graduated to Rank 8.  Your character levels, challenges, and abilities have been reset but other Hunters will now view this badge next to your name.
You have graduated to Rank 9.  Your character levels, challenges, and abilities have been reset but other Hunters will now view this badge next to your name.
Mutant Hunter
Get an assist on a Mutant Beowolf
Blake Belladonna
Complete the campaign using Blake
Game Started: Blake
Start the game with Blake
Butter and Butter
Do Blake's taunt right after killing the Mutant Deathstalker
It Belongs in a Museum
Collect 10 artifacts during a single play session. 
Crazy Science Machine
Get five flawless waves in a waved encounter.
You da Real MVP
Get Wave MVP five times in a waved encounter.
Team DUST
In a four player online game, each player deposits at least one dust crystal. 
Go Team RWBY!
Play in an online match with all four team RWBY members present.
Cleverly Disguised Jumping Puzzle
Collect the artifact at the end of the jumping puzzle in Forever Fall.
Momentum Shift
Kill a Mutant Beowolf while your Aura is depleted.
Beacon Graduate
Reach rank 10 with any character. 
Going Solo
Complete the campaign in single player.
Keep it 100
Reach 100 hits on the combo counter. 
Ticking Time Bomb
Complete Mountain Glenn Part 2 with 3:00 minutes or more left on the clock. 
It's Also a Gun
Complete any level by only using ranged attacks.
A Little Respec 
Refund all of your Ability Points 
Field Medic
Revive a teammate after purchasing Quick Revive. 
Complete the campaign using Ruby
Game Started: Ruby
Start the game with Ruby
Sister Synergy
Do a Team Attack with Ruby and Yang
Execute a Team Attack
Top Score
Get the highest score in a four player online match on a single level.
The Ultimate Ultimate
Kill 10 enemies with a single Ultimate attack
Unscathed
Complete any level without taking damage. 
Complete the campaign using Weiss
Game Started: Weiss
Start the game with Weiss
Complete the campaign using Yang
Game Started: Yang
Start the game with Yang
SHADOW CLONE
SHADOW STRIKE
BLADE BEAM
GENERAL
CRESCENDO
REAP
DUST BLAST
NOVA
FROSTBITE
BARRAGE
QUAKE
BLAST WAVE
FIRE MISSLES
YOU HAVE BEEN DEFEATED
UNABLE TO CONNECT
DOWN
REVIVING...
NEW SKILLS
BASED ON THE ORIGINAL SERIES BY
ROOSTER TEETH GAMES
GAME TESTERS
NEW GAME
Wizard_Poop
POINTS: 3
THE END
Immediately join a match already in progress.
EMERALD FOREST
The Emerald Forest is home to over 4 species of moss and lichen.
DEATHSTALKER
SUBTITLES
NO
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERS
And every other guardian that helped along the way!		
CLOSE
Assists
RESPAWNING IN: 15
VIDEO
APPLY VIDEO CHANGES
ERASE PLAYER PROFILE
ADDITIONAL DEVELOPMENT
BACK
Creep +3 (20XP)
Oobleck: Somebody set us up the bomb! Somebody set us up the bomb! Somebody set us up the bomb! Somebody set us up the bomb! Somebody set us up the bomb! Somebody set us up the bomb! Somebody set us up the bomb! Somebody set us up the bomb! Somebody set us up the bomb! 
REVIVE
EXIT
RTX 2016 DEMO
PLEASE WAIT...
Total Score
TEST
VERY SPECIAL THANKS
COST: 3
ANALOG SENSITIVITY
CONGRATULATIONS
XP
MULTIPLAYER
Return to the previous screen.
INVERT
PAYLOAD PROGRESS
SINGLE PLAYER
CAMERA
CONNECTING
None of your friends are playing online.
Wave 3 of 5 in progress.
SKIP
CREDITS
AWESOME
This decision is final.  It can never be reversed.  Prepare to live with it for the rest of your life.  Choose wisely.
RANK
NOW LOADING
YES
PROGRESS: 10/20 (50%)
Steam "Early Access" Community
SPECIAL THANKS
TIME UNTIL DETONATION - 06:44 
AUDIO
PLAY THROUGH THE STORY OF RWBY: GRIMM ECLIPSE
Progress: 0/3 20%
ROOSTER TEETH ANIMATION
Senior Game Engineer
Audio Engineer
UI Design
Icon Design
Compatibility
Early Access Trailer
Launch Trailer
jordy: canada
ONE SUBSTATION REMAINING
Eloy Rico
Mattew Olson
ALL SUBSTATIONS DESTROYED
Gray G. Haddock
Koen Wooten
Alena Lecorchick
Ethan Marler
CHAT
COMPLETE CHALLENGE TO UNLOCK
LEVEL: 1
Episode I: The Phantom Grimmace
Say:
BLOOM
VOICES
CRAZY SCIENCE MACHINE
MUSIC
AURA
Kills
MOUSE SENSITIVITY
ARE YOU SURE?
NOT ENOUGH AURA
WAIT TO RESPAWN OR FOR A TEAMMATE TO REVIVE YOU
VOTE TO SKIP CREDITS
SFX VOLUME
Enemies: 999
Bethany Feinstein
Devin Finn
Eric Duncan
Rachel Novak
Yvonne Scretan
SELECT
PLEASE WAIT, 
TRANSFERRING HOST...
Adam Baird
Alex Whitman
Mike Quinn
Shannon Gerritzen
WAITING FOR PLAYERS (2/4) 
REVERT TO DEFAULTS
VOICE VOLUME
PLAY
QUALITY - NORMAL
Christopher Bush
Martin Drake
CONNECTED
Dr. Bartholomew Oobleck
Professor Peter Port
Professor Ozpin
Dr. Merlot 
3/4 VOTES TO SKIP CREDITS
Beowolf (104 XP) +5
MUSIC VOLUME
FULLSCREEN
HEY GUYS WHAT UP
RTX 2016 GUARDIANS
Game Director
(Original Concept) Animator/FX
Game Engineer
Senior Game Designer
3D Artist/ Level Designer
3D/2D Artist
Senior Producer
Associate Producer
ROOSTER TEETH STUDIO SUPPORT